migrate the internal kube-apiserver to kwok (#333)
kubernetes-sigs/kube-scheduler-simulator: simulator/docs/environment-variables.md

Reviewer: Regarding the doc, you also have to modify:
- https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kube-scheduler-simulator/blob/master/simulator/docs/kube-apiserver.md
- https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kube-scheduler-simulator/blob/master/simulator/docs/how-it-works.md

Also please modify the top level README as well so that we clearly mention the need of kube-apiserver outside and recommend people use Kwok outside the simulator.

Reviewer: We forget about the doc in:
https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kube-scheduler-simulator/blob/f0faa06ec7773723073ad04c4bb3383dbbd8d3ff/simulator/docs/simulator-server-config.md

Can you
- remove the mention to kubeApiHost and kubeApiPort
- mention kubeApiServerUrl

over there?

if the environment variable is not set, it will read the configuration in the configuration file.
For config file, please refer to the simulator [config.yaml](./../config.yaml).

> [!WARNING]

> > `KUBE_API_HOST` and `KUBE_API_PORT` are deprecated. They will be removed in the near future.
> > Please use `KUBE_APISEVER_URL` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To reduce the maintenance burden, the simulator no longer run up kube-apiserver internally 
> and we made the simulator require the kube-apiserver outside.
> `KUBE_API_HOST` and `KUBE_API_PORT` are deprecated. They will be removed in the near future, meanwhile they're just ignored.
```

Author: > meanwhile they're just ignored.

I have a simple question. Do you plan to ignore `KUBE_API_HOST` and `KUBE_API_PORT` until both values is removed ?

https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kube-scheduler-simulator/pull/333/files#diff-1cb29cb30fedf9a3629f7ebbaca8a15317fa8fa4a03b2aa07b81ba3438d42759L139-R144

The current changes prioritize `KUBE_APISERVER_URL` if the values is set. In other hand, if the values isn't set, we use `KUBE_API_HOST` and `KUBE_API_PORT` to keep backward compatibility. So quoted sentence may confuse to someone that use kube-scheduler-simulator.  Or do I should change the implementation not to use both configuration values ? What do you think ?

Reviewer: > if the values isn't set, we use KUBE_API_HOST and KUBE_API_PORT to keep backward compatibility.

It changes the meaning of these configurations, which is not great. 
The previous meaning was they're the values to configure the kube-apiserver which the simulator internally starts and we don't have such internal kube-apiserver anymore. So, I'd say just ignoring them is the simplest idea here.

Author: OK, I understand what you said. 
It's exactly right, so I'll modify this explanation.

Author: Thanks @sanposhiho

resources". This variable is used to find Kubeconfig required to
access your cluster for importing resources to scheduler simulator.

`KUBE_APISEVER_URL`: This is the URL of kube-apiserver which the

> simulator starts internally. Its default value is `http://{simulator-cluster-ip}:8080`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
simulator uses internally. Its default value is `http://{simulator-cluster-ip}:8080`.
```

> simulator starts internally. Its default value is `http://{simulator-cluster-ip}:8080`.

Reviewer: > Its default value is `http://{simulator-cluster-ip}:8080`.

I don't see where we set this. Anyways, I guess we should make it required configuration, shouldn't we. Because we no longer start kube-apiserver internally and the simulator cannot run without kube-apiserver outside

Author: OK, I agree with your opinion. I''ll make this value required value.

> `KUBE_API_HOST`: This is the host of kube-apiserver which the

Reviewer: Modify the explanation of `KUBE_API_HOST` and `KUBE_API_PORT` as well.
